Add Monitoring to README (#11)
hyra-io/Discord-Webhook-Proxy: readme.md

When running, a landing page (powered by EJS) will be served at `http://localhost:7053/`.

## Monitoring

> This comes bundled with a monitoring system to allow you to monitor requests sent to your API. All you have to do is include your own `MONITOR_SECRET` in the .env file.

Reviewer: This requires further explanation to be unviersally understandable. For example:
```suggestion
This comes bundled with a set of monitoring endpoits to allow you to monitor requests sent to your API. To enable these monitoring endpoints, you should generate a random string to be used as a passphrase and include it as the `MONITOR_SECRET` in your environment variables. 

These endpoints are available under `/monitor` and require the `Authorization` header on requests to be set to the value of your `MONITOR_SECRET` environment variable. 
```

## Secrets
We store secrets in a `.env` file stored in the root directory of the project - you can't see this file because it's in our `.gitignore`.

Please see the format for this file below

```
MONGO_URI=

> MONITOR_SECRET=

Reviewer: 👍
